What about my sister, the nurse?
Miss Li is due to long-term overwork
Causing severe anemia
In addition, they are usually greatly stimulated
Just fainted
But take good care and you'll be fine
Thanks. Okay.
Thank you, doctor.
If hospitalization is confirmed
Please pay the information fee ASAP.
Did you catch me?
Hey wait for me
Catch what?
Live for face and suffer
Mom
Staying at the top of the group for too long
Sure enough, it's useless for these
Tell me first.
Hey, thanks for this effect.
You are the person chosen by my Su Xueying
I still care about this
I'll give you whatever it costs you.
Holding a frozen bank card to deceive people
Do you really think our smoking hospital is luxurious?
Princess, the bear said
The prince gave all your bank cards to the intermediary
That's true.
Doctor, there might be something wrong with my card.
Can you treat us first?
We'll definitely make up the money
When Lao Tzu is doing charity
No money for medical treatment, get out
It's not you, why are you like this?
They all said they would replenish the money to you.
Pay first and then treat
This is the rule of the hospital
If you don't go
I'm going to hand over to security